Fix Dockerfile for Alternative Terraform worker image. (#1303)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/install/installer.html.md

### Requirements
 - The base image must be `ubuntu:xenial`.
 - The image must exist on the Terraform Enterprise host. It can be added by running `docker pull` from a local registry or any other similar method.

>  - A file containing the necessary PEM-encoded CA certificate for the Terraform Enterprise host must be placed in `/usr/local/share/ca-certificates/`. The CA certificates configured in the [CA Bundle settings](#certificate-authority-ca-bundle) will not be automatically added to this image at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - All necessary PEM-encoded CA certificates must placed within the `/usr/local/share/ca-certificates` directory. Each file added to this directory must end with the `.crt` extension. The CA certificates configured in the [CA Bundle settings](#certificate-authority-ca-bundle) will not be automatically added to this image at runtime.
```

# This Dockerfile builds the image used for the worker containers.
FROM ubuntu:xenial

# Install software used by Terraform Enterprise.
RUN apt-get update && apt-get install -y --no-install-recommends \
    sudo unzip daemontools git-core ssh wget curl psmisc iproute2 openssh-client redis-tools netcat-openbsd ca-certificates

> # Include the Terraform Enterprise CA certificate.
> ADD tfeCA.crt /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/tfeCA.crt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Include all necessary CA certificates.
ADD example-root-ca.crt /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/
ADD example-intermediate-ca.crt /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/
```

> # Insert the CA certificate as part of the trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Update the CA certificates bundle to include newly added CA certificates.
```
